Name-Divyansh Chaudhary
UID_21bcs11238
Section_806-A

                         Topic Name_ Elon Musk.........

     Elon Musk, (born June 28, 1971, Pretoria, South Africa), South African-born American entrepreneur who cofounded the
     electronic-payment firm PayPal and formed SpaceX, maker of launch vehicles and spacecraft. He was also one of the
     first significant investors in, as well as chief executive officer of, the electric car manufacturer Tesla.
     In addition, Musk acquired Twitter in 2022.

     Musk was born to a South African father and a Canadian mother. He displayed an early talent for computers and entrepr
     eneurship. At age 12 he created a video game and sold it to a computer magazine. In 1988, after obtaining a Canadian 
     passport, Musk left South Africa because he was unwilling to support apartheid through compulsory military service and
     because he sought the greater economic opportunities available in the United States.

                  PayPal and SpaceX........
     
      Musk attended Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario, and in 1992 he transferred to the University of Pennsylvania,
      Philadelphia, where he received bachelor’s degrees in physics and economics in 1997. He enrolled in graduate school 
      in physics at Stanford University in California, but he left after only two days because he felt that the Internet 
      had much more potential to change society than work in physics. In 1995 he founded Zip2, a company that provided 
      maps and business directories to online newspapers. In 1999 Zip2 was bought by the computer manufacturer Compaq for
     $307 million, and Musk then founded an online financial services company, X.com, which later became PayPal, which spe
     cialized in transferring money online. The online auction eBay bought PayPal in 2002 for $1.5 billion.

                Tesla.........
     Musk had long been interested in the possibilities of electric cars, and in 2004 he became one of the major funders of
     Tesla Motors (later renamed Tesla), an electric car company founded by entrepreneurs Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenni
     ng. In 2006 Tesla introduced its first car, the Roadster, which could travel 245 miles (394 km) on a single charge. Un
     like most previous electric vehicles, which Musk thought were stodgy and uninteresting, it was a sports car that could
     go from 0 to 60 miles (97 km) per hour in less than four seconds.